.TH "misc.h" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
misc.h \- 
.PP
Memory management, configuration keydata objects and string tokenizer.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/missing.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cc++/thread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::MemPager\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe memory pager is used to allocate cumulative memory pages for storing object specific 'persistant' data that is presumed to persist during the life of a given derived object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBost::MemPager::_page\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::StackPager\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBStackPager\fP provides a repository to stash and retrieve working data in last-in-first-out order. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBost::StackPager::frame\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::SharedMemPager\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe shared mempager uses a mutex to protect key access methods. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::Keydata\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBKeydata\fP objects are used to load and hold 'configuration' data for a given application. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBost::Keydata::Keyval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBost::Keydata::Keysym\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBost::Keydata::Define\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::MemPagerObject\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis class is used to create derived classes which are constructed within a memory pager pool. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::Assoc\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis class is used to associate (object) pointers with named strings. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBost::Assoc::entry\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::Runlist\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA runlist is used to restrict concurrent exection to a limited set of concurrent sessions, much like a semaphore. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::Runable\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA container for objects that can be queued against a runlist. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBost\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBKEYDATA_INDEX_SIZE\fP   97"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBKEYDATA_PAGER_SIZE\fP   512"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBKEYDATA_PATH_SIZE\fP   PATH_MAX"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBost::endKeydata\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Memory management, configuration keydata objects and string tokenizer. 


.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define KEYDATA_INDEX_SIZE   97"
.SS "#define KEYDATA_PAGER_SIZE   512"
.SS "#define KEYDATA_PATH_SIZE   PATH_MAX"
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
