.TH "ost::IPV6MulticastValidator" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::IPV6MulticastValidator \- 
.PP
Class for the function object that validates multicast addresses.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <address.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::IPV6Validator\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV6MulticastValidator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IPV6MulticastValidator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps compilers happy. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const in6_addr address) const "
.br
.RI "\fIApplication operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class for the function object that validates multicast addresses. 

Implements a specific application operator to validate multicast addresses.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino <p5087@quintero.fie.us.es> Validating class specialized for multicast addresses. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::IPV6MulticastValidator::IPV6MulticastValidator ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. Does not deal with any state. 
.SS "virtual ost::IPV6MulticastValidator::~IPV6MulticastValidator ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Keeps compilers happy. .. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ost::IPV6MulticastValidator::operator() (const in6_addr address) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Application operator. Apply the validation algorithm specific to multicast addresses 
.PP
Implements \fBost::IPV6Validator\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
