.TH "ost::DSO" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::DSO \- 
.PP
The \fBDSO\fP dynamic loader class is used to load object files.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <file.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDSO\fP (const char *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct and load a \fBDSO\fP object file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDSO\fP (const char *filename, bool resolve)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBgetError\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve error indicator associated with \fBDSO\fP failure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DSO\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDetach a \fBDSO\fP object from running memory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBoperator[]\fP (const char *sym)"
.br
.RI "\fILookup a symbol in the loaded file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisValid\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISee if \fBDSO\fP object is valid. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdynunload\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBDSO\fP * \fBgetObject\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind a specific \fBDSO\fP object by filename. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetDebug\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstall debug handler. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBDSO\fP dynamic loader class is used to load object files. 

On elf based systems this is typically done with dlopen. A dummy stub class is generated for non-dl capable systems.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> Dynamic class file loader. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::DSO::DSO (const char * filename)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Construct and load a \fBDSO\fP object file. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP pathname of object file to load. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "ost::DSO::DSO (const char * filename, bool resolve)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "virtual ost::DSO::~DSO ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Detach a \fBDSO\fP object from running memory. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static void ost::DSO::dynunload (void)\fC [static]\fP"
.SS "const char* ost::DSO::getError (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Retrieve error indicator associated with \fBDSO\fP failure. This is often used in catch handlers. 
.SS "static \fBDSO\fP* ost::DSO::getObject (const char * name)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Find a specific \fBDSO\fP object by filename. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP of \fBDSO\fP object file (partial). 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool ost::DSO::isValid (void)"
.PP
See if \fBDSO\fP object is valid. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if valid. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void* ost::DSO::operator[] (const char * sym)"
.PP
Lookup a symbol in the loaded file. 
.SS "static void ost::DSO::setDebug (void)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Install debug handler. .. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
