.TH "ost::IPV4Host" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::IPV4Host \- 
.PP
This object is used to hold the actual and valid internet address of a specific host machine that will be accessed through a socket.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <address.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::IPV4Address\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV4Host\fP (const char *host=NULL)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new host address for a specific internet host. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV4Host\fP (struct in_addr addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a system socket binary address such as may be returned through the accept() call or getsockpeer() into an internet host address object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV4Address\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (unsigned long addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIAllows assignment from the return of functions like inet_addr() or htonl(). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV4Host\fP & \fBoperator&=\fP (const \fBIPV4Mask\fP &mask)"
.br
.RI "\fIMask the internet host address object with a network mask address. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class __EXPORT \fBIPV4Mask\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "__EXPORT \fBIPV4Host\fP \fBoperator&\fP (const \fBIPV4Host\fP &addr, const \fBIPV4Mask\fP &mask)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This object is used to hold the actual and valid internet address of a specific host machine that will be accessed through a socket. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> Address of a specific Internet host machine. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::IPV4Host::IPV4Host (const char * host = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Create a new host address for a specific internet host. The internet host can be specified in a null terminated ASCII string and include either the physical host address or the DNS name of a host machine. Hence, an \fBIPV4Host\fP ('www.voxilla.org') can be directly declaired in this manner.
.PP
Defaults to the IP address that represents the interface matching 'gethostname()'.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhost\fP dns or physical address of an Internet host. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "ost::IPV4Host::IPV4Host (struct in_addr addr)"
.PP
Convert a system socket binary address such as may be returned through the accept() call or getsockpeer() into an internet host address object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddr\fP binary address of internet host. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBIPV4Host\fP& ost::IPV4Host::operator&= (const \fBIPV4Mask\fP & mask)"
.PP
Mask the internet host address object with a network mask address. This is commonly used to coerce an address by subnet. 
.SS "\fBIPV4Address\fP& ost::IPV4Host::operator= (unsigned long addr)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Allows assignment from the return of functions like inet_addr() or htonl(). 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::IPV4Address\fP.
.PP
References ost::IPV4Address::operator=().
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class __EXPORT \fBIPV4Mask\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.SS "__EXPORT \fBIPV4Host\fP operator& (const \fBIPV4Host\fP & addr, const \fBIPV4Mask\fP & mask)\fC [friend]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
