.TH "ost::Runable" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::Runable \- 
.PP
A container for objects that can be queued against a runlist.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <misc.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBstarting\fP (\fBRunlist\fP *list)"
.br
.RI "\fIStart the object against a run list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstoping\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIStop the object, called when stopping or ready completes. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRunable\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Runable\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBready\fP (void)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod handler that is invoked when a wait-listed object becomes ready to run. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRunlist\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A container for objects that can be queued against a runlist. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> runable object with notify when ready. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::Runable::Runable ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "virtual ost::Runable::~Runable ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void ost::Runable::ready (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Method handler that is invoked when a wait-listed object becomes ready to run. 
.SS "bool ost::Runable::starting (\fBRunlist\fP * list)"
.PP
Start the object against a run list. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if immediately available to run. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlist\fP to start under. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ost::Runable::stoping (void)"
.PP
Stop the object, called when stopping or ready completes. May also be used for a task that has not yet started to remove it from the wait list. 
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBRunlist\fP\fC [friend]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
