.TH "ost::ttystream" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::ttystream \- 
.PP
A more natural C++ 'ttystream' class for use by non-threaded applications.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <serial.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::TTYStream\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBttystream\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct an unopened 'ttystream' object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBttystream\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct and 'open' a tty stream object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBopen\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen method for a tty stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose method for a tty stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fITest to see if stream is opened. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A more natural C++ 'ttystream' class for use by non-threaded applications. 

This class behaves a lot more like fstream and similar classes.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> C++ 'fstream' style \fBttystream\fP class. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::ttystream::ttystream ()"
.PP
Construct an unopened 'ttystream' object. 
.SS "ost::ttystream::ttystream (const char * name)"
.PP
Construct and 'open' a tty stream object. A filename in the form 'device:options[,options]' may be used to pass device options as part of the open.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP of file and serial options. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ost::ttystream::close (void)"
.PP
Close method for a tty stream. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::Serial\fP.
.SS "void ost::ttystream::open (const char * name)"
.PP
Open method for a tty stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP filename to open. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::Serial\fP.
.SS "bool ost::ttystream::operator! (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Test to see if stream is opened. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
