.TH "ost::FixedBuffer" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::FixedBuffer \- 
.PP
A buffer class that holds a known capacity of fixed sized objects defined during creation.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <buffer.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::Buffer\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFixedBuffer\fP (size_t capacity, size_t objsize)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a buffer of known capacity for objects of a specified size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFixedBuffer\fP (const \fBFixedBuffer\fP &fb)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a copy of an existing fixed size buffer and duplicate it's contents. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~FixedBuffer\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroy the fixed buffer and free the memory used to store objects. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFixedBuffer\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBFixedBuffer\fP &fb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisValid\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBonPeek\fP (void *buf)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the first object in the buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBonWait\fP (void *buf)"
.br
.RI "\fIWait for and return a fixed object in the buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBonPost\fP (void *buf)"
.br
.RI "\fIPost an object of the appropriate size into the buffer. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A buffer class that holds a known capacity of fixed sized objects defined during creation. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> producer/consumer buffer for fixed size objects. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::FixedBuffer::FixedBuffer (size_t capacity, size_t objsize)"
.PP
Create a buffer of known capacity for objects of a specified size. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcapacity\fP of the buffer. 
.br
\fIobjsize\fP for each object held in the buffer. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "ost::FixedBuffer::FixedBuffer (const \fBFixedBuffer\fP & fb)"
.PP
Create a copy of an existing fixed size buffer and duplicate it's contents. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfb\fP existing \fBFixedBuffer\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual ost::FixedBuffer::~FixedBuffer ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destroy the fixed buffer and free the memory used to store objects. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool ost::FixedBuffer::isValid (void)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::Buffer\fP.
.SS "size_t ost::FixedBuffer::onPeek (void * buf)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the first object in the buffer. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
predefined size of this buffers objects. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuf\fP pointer to copy contents of head of buffer to. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBost::Buffer\fP.
.SS "size_t ost::FixedBuffer::onPost (void * buf)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Post an object of the appropriate size into the buffer. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
predefined size of this buffers objects. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuf\fP pointer to data to copy into the buffer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBost::Buffer\fP.
.SS "size_t ost::FixedBuffer::onWait (void * buf)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Wait for and return a fixed object in the buffer. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
predefined size of this buffers objects. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuf\fP pointer to hold object returned from the buffer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBost::Buffer\fP.
.SS "\fBFixedBuffer\fP& ost::FixedBuffer::operator= (const \fBFixedBuffer\fP & fb)"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
