.TH "ost::CommandOptionWithArg" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::CommandOptionWithArg \- 
.PP
Derived class of \fBCommandOption\fP for options that have a value associated with them.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <cmdoptns.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::CommandOption\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBost::CommandOptionArg\fP, \fBost::CommandOptionCollect\fP, and \fBost::CommandOptionRest\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandOptionWithArg\fP (const char *inOptionName, const char *inOptionLetter, const char *inDescription, \fBOptionType\fP inOptionType, bool inRequired=false, \fBCommandOption\fP **ppNext=&\fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCommandOptionWithArg\fP contructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~CommandOptionWithArg\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBfoundOption\fP (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP *cop, const char *value=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBfoundOption\fP (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP *cop, const char **value, int num)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBhasValue\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char ** \fBvalues\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIArray of list of values collected for this option. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumValue\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBNumber\fP of values in the values array. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Derived class of \fBCommandOption\fP for options that have a value associated with them. 

Classes \fBCommandOptionRest\fP and \fBCommandOptionArg\fP derive from this class. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::CommandOptionWithArg::CommandOptionWithArg (const char * inOptionName, const char * inOptionLetter, const char * inDescription, \fBOptionType\fP inOptionType, bool inRequired = \fCfalse\fP, \fBCommandOption\fP ** ppNext = \fC&\fBdefaultCommandOptionList\fP\fP)"
.PP
\fBCommandOptionWithArg\fP contructor. Note the default values for required and ppNext.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinOptionName\fP long option name 
.br
\fIinOptionLetter\fP short letter name 
.br
\fIinDescription\fP short description of the option 
.br
\fIinOptionType\fP the type of this option 
.br
\fIinRequired\fP true if option is required 
.br
\fIppNext\fP the linked list header 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual ost::CommandOptionWithArg::~CommandOptionWithArg ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void ost::CommandOptionWithArg::foundOption (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP * cop, const char ** value, int num)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::CommandOption\fP.
.SS "virtual void ost::CommandOptionWithArg::foundOption (\fBCommandOptionParse\fP * cop, const char * value = \fC0\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::CommandOption\fP.
.SS "virtual bool ost::CommandOptionWithArg::hasValue ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::CommandOption\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBost::CommandOptionWithArg::numValue\fP"
.PP
\fBNumber\fP of values in the values array. 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBcmdlineopt.cpp\fP.
.SS "const char** \fBost::CommandOptionWithArg::values\fP"
.PP
Array of list of values collected for this option. 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBcmdlineopt.cpp\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
