.TH "ost::MIMEFormData" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::MIMEFormData \- 
.PP
This is a document part type for use in submitting multipart form data to a web server.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <mime.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::MIMEItemPart\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBhead\fP (std::ostream *output)"
.br
.RI "\fIStream header, Content-Disposition form-data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbody\fP (std::ostream *output)"
.br
.RI "\fIStream content (value) of this form data field. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMIMEFormData\fP (\fBMIMEMultipartForm\fP *top, const char *\fBname\fP, const char *\fBcontent\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct form data field part of multipart form. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~MIMEFormData\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBcontent\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This is a document part type for use in submitting multipart form data to a web server. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> multipart document part for web form data field. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual ost::MIMEFormData::~MIMEFormData ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.SS "ost::MIMEFormData::MIMEFormData (\fBMIMEMultipartForm\fP * top, const char * name, const char * content)"
.PP
Construct form data field part of multipart form. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItop\fP multipart form this is part of 
.br
\fIname\fP of form data field 
.br
\fIcontent\fP of form data field 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ost::MIMEFormData::body (std::ostream * output)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stream content (value) of this form data field. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput\fP stream to send body to. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBost::MIMEItemPart\fP.
.SS "void ost::MIMEFormData::head (std::ostream * output)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stream header, Content-Disposition form-data. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput\fP stream to send header to. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::MIMEItemPart\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char* \fBost::MIMEFormData::content\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "const char* \fBost::MIMEFormData::name\fP\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
