.TH "ost::IPV6Validator" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::IPV6Validator \- 
.PP
Classes derived from \fBIPV6Address\fP would require an specific validator to pass to the \fBIPV6Address\fP constructor.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <address.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBost::IPV6MulticastValidator\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV6Validator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IPV6Validator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps compilers happy. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (const in6_addr address) const =0"
.br
.RI "\fIPure virtual application operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Classes derived from \fBIPV6Address\fP would require an specific validator to pass to the \fBIPV6Address\fP constructor. 

This is a base class for classes of function objects used by such derived classes.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino <p5087@quintero.fie.us.es> Abstract base class for derived inet addresses validators. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::IPV6Validator::IPV6Validator ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. Does not deal with any state. 
.SS "virtual ost::IPV6Validator::~IPV6Validator ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Keeps compilers happy. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void ost::IPV6Validator::operator() (const in6_addr address) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Pure virtual application operator. Apply the validation algorithm specific to derived classes. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBost::IPV6MulticastValidator\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
