.TH "ost::AppLog::Ident" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::AppLog::Ident \- 
.PP
\fBIdent\fP class that represents module name.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <applog.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdent\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Ident\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDesctructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdent\fP (\fBIdent\fP &id)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdent\fP (const char *str)"
.br
.RI "\fIconst char* constructor, provided for convenience. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string & \fBstr\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIstd::string cast. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdent\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (std::string &st)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator (string). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdent\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const char str[])"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator (const char[]), provided for convenience. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBc_str\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIconst char* cast provided for conveneince. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBIdent\fP class that represents module name. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::AppLog::Ident::Ident ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "ost::AppLog::Ident::~Ident ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Desctructor. 
.SS "ost::AppLog::Ident::Ident (\fBIdent\fP & id)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. 
.SS "ost::AppLog::Ident::Ident (const char * str)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
const char* constructor, provided for convenience. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char* ost::AppLog::Ident::c_str ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
const char* cast provided for conveneince. 
.PP
Referenced by ost::AppLog::operator()(), and ost::AppLog::operator<<().
.SS "\fBIdent\fP& ost::AppLog::Ident::operator= (const char str[])\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Assignment operator (const char[]), provided for convenience. 
.SS "\fBIdent\fP& ost::AppLog::Ident::operator= (std::string & st)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Assignment operator (string). 
.SS "std::string& ost::AppLog::Ident::str ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
std::string cast. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
