.TH "ost::MapIndex" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::MapIndex \- 
.PP
The \fBMapIndex\fP allows linear access into a \fBMapTable\fP, that otherwise could have its elements being retrieved only by key.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <object.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMapIndex\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreates an empty map index (pointing to nothing). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMapIndex\fP (\fBMapObject\fP *theObject)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a map index pointing to a specific map object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMapIndex\fP (const \fBMapIndex\fP &theIndex)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a copy of a given map index. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBoperator*\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIDereference operator: the pointed object it is returned as void * for easy re-cast. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMapIndex\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (\fBMapObject\fP *theObject)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator to avoid implicit cast. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMapIndex\fP & \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix increment operator, to be used in loops and such. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMapIndex\fP \fBoperator++\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostfix increment operator, to be used in loops and such. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBMapIndex\fP &theIndex) const "
.br
.RI "\fIComparison operator, between two MapIndex's. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBMapIndex\fP &theIndex) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBMapObject\fP *theObject) const "
.br
.RI "\fIComparison operator, between the \fBMapIndex\fP and a \fBMapObject\fP, useful to avoid casts for sake of clearness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBMapObject\fP *theObject) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBMapIndex\fP allows linear access into a \fBMapTable\fP, that otherwise could have its elements being retrieved only by key. 

It can be increased, checked and dereferenced like a pointer, by means of suitable operators.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Sergio Repetto <s.repetto@pentaengineering.it> Index object to access \fBMapTable\fP elements 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::MapIndex::MapIndex ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Creates an empty map index (pointing to nothing). 
.SS "ost::MapIndex::MapIndex (\fBMapObject\fP * theObject)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Creates a map index pointing to a specific map object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP indexed object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "ost::MapIndex::MapIndex (const \fBMapIndex\fP & theIndex)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Creates a copy of a given map index. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP source index object 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool ost::MapIndex::operator!= (const \fBMapObject\fP * theObject) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "bool ost::MapIndex::operator!= (const \fBMapIndex\fP & theIndex) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "void* ost::MapIndex::operator* () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Dereference operator: the pointed object it is returned as void * for easy re-cast. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pointer to indexed object. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBMapIndex\fP ost::MapIndex::operator++ (int)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Postfix increment operator, to be used in loops and such. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the object itself, as changed. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References operator++().
.PP
Referenced by operator++().
.SS "\fBMapIndex\fP& ost::MapIndex::operator++ ()"
.PP
Prefix increment operator, to be used in loops and such. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the object itself, as changed. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBMapIndex\fP& ost::MapIndex::operator= (\fBMapObject\fP * theObject)"
.PP
Assignment operator to avoid implicit cast. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the object itself, as changed. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool ost::MapIndex::operator== (const \fBMapObject\fP * theObject) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Comparison operator, between the \fBMapIndex\fP and a \fBMapObject\fP, useful to avoid casts for sake of clearness. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the object itself, as changed. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool ost::MapIndex::operator== (const \fBMapIndex\fP & theIndex) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Comparison operator, between two MapIndex's. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the object itself, as changed. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
