.TH "ost::IPV6Mask" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::IPV6Mask \- 
.PP
Internet addresses used specifically as masking addresses (such as '
 255.255.255.0') are held in the \fBIPV6Mask\fP derived object.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <address.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::IPV6Address\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV6Mask\fP (const char *mask)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate the mask from a null terminated ASCII string such as '255.255.255.128'. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "__EXPORT \fBIPV6Host\fP \fBoperator&\fP (const \fBIPV6Host\fP &addr, const \fBIPV6Mask\fP &mask)"
.br
.RI "\fIMasks are usually used to coerce host addresses into a specific router or class domain. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Internet addresses used specifically as masking addresses (such as '
 255.255.255.0') are held in the \fBIPV6Mask\fP derived object. 

The seperate class is used so that C++ type casting can automatically determine when an \fBIPV6Address\fP object is really a mask address object rather than simply using the base class. This also allows manipulative operators for address masking to operate only when presented with a Masked address as well as providing cleaner and safer source.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> Internet Address Mask such as subnet masks. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::IPV6Mask::IPV6Mask (const char * mask)"
.PP
Create the mask from a null terminated ASCII string such as '255.255.255.128'. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImask\fP null terminated ASCII mask string. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__EXPORT \fBIPV6Host\fP operator& (const \fBIPV6Host\fP & addr, const \fBIPV6Mask\fP & mask)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Masks are usually used to coerce host addresses into a specific router or class domain. This can be done by taking the Inet Host Address object and 'and'ing it with an address mask. This operation can be directly expressed in C++ through the & operator.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a internet host address that has been masked. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddr\fP host address to be masked by subnet. 
.br
\fImask\fP inetnet mask address object to mask by. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
