.TH "ost::NetworkDeviceInfo" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::NetworkDeviceInfo \- 
.PP
Network device information class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <network.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP (const \fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP &ndi)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~NetworkDeviceInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBString\fP & \fBname\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Name of the network device. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBIPV4Host\fP & \fBaddress\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Address of the network device. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBIPV4Broadcast\fP & \fBbroadcast\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Broadcast address of the network device. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBIPV4Mask\fP & \fBnetmask\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the Netmask of the network device. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBmtu\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the MTU. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP (const \fBString\fP &name, const \fBIPV4Host\fP &addr, const \fBIPV4Broadcast\fP &broadcast, const \fBIPV4Mask\fP &netmask, int mtu)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBenumNetworkDevices\fP (std::vector< \fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP > &devs)"
.br
.RI "\fIEnumerate all available network devices. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Network device information class. 

This class is used to hold various informations about a TCP/IP network device. Which can be obtained by a call to \fBenumNetworkDevices()\fP 
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Christian Prochnow <cproch@seculogix.de> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::NetworkDeviceInfo (const \fBString\fP & name, const \fBIPV4Host\fP & addr, const \fBIPV4Broadcast\fP & broadcast, const \fBIPV4Mask\fP & netmask, int mtu)\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::NetworkDeviceInfo (const \fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP & ndi)"
.SS "ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::~NetworkDeviceInfo ()"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBIPV4Host\fP& ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::address () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Address of the network device. 
.SS "const \fBIPV4Broadcast\fP& ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::broadcast () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Broadcast address of the network device. 
.SS "const int ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::mtu () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the MTU. 
.SS "const \fBString\fP& ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::name () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Name of the network device. 
.SS "const \fBIPV4Mask\fP& ost::NetworkDeviceInfo::netmask () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the Netmask of the network device. 
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool enumNetworkDevices (std::vector< \fBNetworkDeviceInfo\fP > & devs)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Enumerate all available network devices. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
