.TH "ost::SharedMemPager" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::SharedMemPager \- 
.PP
The shared mempager uses a mutex to protect key access methods.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <misc.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::MemPager\fP, and \fBost::Mutex\fP.
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSharedMemPager\fP (size_t pagesize=4096, const char *name=NULL)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a mempager mutex pool. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpurge\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPurge the memory pool while locked. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBfirst\fP (size_t size)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the first memory page after locking. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBalloc\fP (size_t size)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the last memory page after locking. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The shared mempager uses a mutex to protect key access methods. 

This class is used when a mempager will be shared by multiple threads.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> mutex protected memory pager. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::SharedMemPager::SharedMemPager (size_t pagesize = \fC4096\fP, const char * name = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Create a mempager mutex pool. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpagesize\fP page size for allocation. 
.br
\fIname\fP a name for the pool. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void* ost::SharedMemPager::alloc (size_t size)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the last memory page after locking. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
allocated memory space. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsize\fP of request. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::MemPager\fP.
.SS "void* ost::SharedMemPager::first (size_t size)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the first memory page after locking. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
allocated memory space. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsize\fP of request. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::MemPager\fP.
.SS "void ost::SharedMemPager::purge (void)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Purge the memory pool while locked. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::MemPager\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
