.TH "ost::UDPDuplex" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::UDPDuplex \- 
.PP
UDP duplex connections impliment a bi-directional point-to-point UDP session between two peer hosts.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <socket.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::UDPTransmit\fP, and \fBost::UDPReceive\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUDPDuplex\fP (const \fBIPV4Address\fP &bind, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a UDP duplex as a pair of UDP simplex objects bound to alternating and interconnected port addresses. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUDPDuplex\fP (const \fBIPV6Address\fP &bind, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBError\fP \fBconnect\fP (const \fBIPV4Host\fP &host, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssociate the duplex with a specified peer host. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBError\fP \fBconnect\fP (const \fBIPV6Host\fP &host, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBError\fP \fBdisconnect\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisassociate this duplex from any host connection. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
UDP duplex connections impliment a bi-directional point-to-point UDP session between two peer hosts. 

Two UDP sockets are typically used on alternating port addresses to assure that sender and receiver data does not collide or echo back. A UDP Duplex is commonly used for full duplex real-time streaming of UDP data between hosts.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> Unreliable Datagram Peer Associations. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::UDPDuplex::UDPDuplex (const \fBIPV4Address\fP & bind, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Create a UDP duplex as a pair of UDP simplex objects bound to alternating and interconnected port addresses. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbind\fP address to bind this socket to. 
.br
\fIport\fP number to bind sender. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "ost::UDPDuplex::UDPDuplex (const \fBIPV6Address\fP & bind, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBError\fP ost::UDPDuplex::connect (const \fBIPV6Host\fP & host, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::UDPReceive\fP.
.SS "\fBError\fP ost::UDPDuplex::connect (const \fBIPV4Host\fP & host, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Associate the duplex with a specified peer host. Both the sender and receiver will be interconnected with the remote host.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, error code on error. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhost\fP address to connect socket to. 
.br
\fIport\fP number to connect socket to. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::UDPTransmit\fP.
.SS "\fBError\fP ost::UDPDuplex::disconnect (void)"
.PP
Disassociate this duplex from any host connection. No data should be read or written until a connection is established.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success, error code on error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBost::UDPSocket\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
