.TH "ost::Digest" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::Digest \- 
.PP
The digest base class is used for implementing and deriving one way hashing functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <digest.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBost::ChecksumDigest\fP, \fBost::CRC16Digest\fP, \fBost::CRC32Digest\fP, and \fBost::MD5Digest\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinitDigest\fP (void)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the digest table to an initial default value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Digest\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDigest\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned \fBgetSize\fP (void)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the size of a digest in octets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned \fBgetDigest\fP (unsigned char *buffer)=0"
.br
.RI "\fICopy the binary digest buffer to user memory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBputDigest\fP (const unsigned char *buffer, unsigned length)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIPut data into the digest bypassing the stream subsystem. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::ostream & \fBstrDigest\fP (std::ostream &os)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIprint a digest string for export. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, \fBDigest\fP &ia)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The digest base class is used for implementing and deriving one way hashing functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> base class for hashing services. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::Digest::Digest ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "virtual ost::Digest::~Digest ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual unsigned ost::Digest::getDigest (unsigned char * buffer)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Copy the binary digest buffer to user memory. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
number of bytes in digest. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuffer\fP to write into. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBost::ChecksumDigest\fP, \fBost::CRC16Digest\fP, \fBost::CRC32Digest\fP, and \fBost::MD5Digest\fP.
.SS "virtual unsigned ost::Digest::getSize (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the size of a digest in octets. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
number of bytes in digest. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBost::ChecksumDigest\fP, \fBost::CRC16Digest\fP, \fBost::CRC32Digest\fP, and \fBost::MD5Digest\fP.
.SS "virtual void ost::Digest::initDigest (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reset the digest table to an initial default value. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBost::ChecksumDigest\fP, \fBost::CRC16Digest\fP, \fBost::CRC32Digest\fP, and \fBost::MD5Digest\fP.
.SS "virtual void ost::Digest::putDigest (const unsigned char * buffer, unsigned length)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Put data into the digest bypassing the stream subsystem. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuffer\fP to read from. 
.br
\fIlength\fP of data. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBost::ChecksumDigest\fP, \fBost::CRC16Digest\fP, \fBost::CRC32Digest\fP, and \fBost::MD5Digest\fP.
.SS "virtual std::ostream& ost::Digest::strDigest (std::ostream & os)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
print a digest string for export. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string representation of digest. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBost::ChecksumDigest\fP, \fBost::CRC16Digest\fP, \fBost::CRC32Digest\fP, and \fBost::MD5Digest\fP.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream & os, \fBDigest\fP & ia)\fC [friend]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
