.TH "ost::TTYSession" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::TTYSession \- 
.PP
The \fBTTYSession\fP aggragates a \fBTTYStream\fP and a Common C++ \fBThread\fP which is assumed to be the execution context that will be used to perform actual I/O operations.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <serial.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::Thread\fP, and \fBost::TTYStream\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTTYSession\fP (const char *name, int pri=0, int stack=0)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate TTY stream that will be managed by it's own thread. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~TTYSession\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBTTYSession\fP aggragates a \fBTTYStream\fP and a Common C++ \fBThread\fP which is assumed to be the execution context that will be used to perform actual I/O operations. 

This class is very anagolous to \fBTCPSession\fP.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> This class is very anagolous to \fBTCPSession\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::TTYSession::TTYSession (const char * name, int pri = \fC0\fP, int stack = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Create TTY stream that will be managed by it's own thread. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP of tty device to open. 
.br
\fIpri\fP execution priority. 
.br
\fIstack\fP allocation needed on some platforms. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual ost::TTYSession::~TTYSession ()\fC [virtual]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
