.TH "cmdoptns.h" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cmdoptns.h \- 
.PP
Command line option parsing interface.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::CommandOption\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCommandOption\fP is the base class for all command line options. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::CommandOptionWithArg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDerived class of \fBCommandOption\fP for options that have a value associated with them. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::CommandOptionArg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIClass for options with an argument e.g. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::CommandOptionRest\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIt only makes sense to have a single one of these set and it is exclusive with \fBCommandOptionCollect\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::CommandOptionCollect\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIt only makes sense to have a single one of these set and it is also exclusive with \fBCommandOptionRest\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::CommandOptionNoArg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCommandOption\fP type for flags. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::CommandOptionParse\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the \fBCommandOptionParse\fP interface class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBost\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "__EXPORT CommandOptionParse * \fBost::makeCommandOptionParse\fP (int argc, char **argv, const char *comment, CommandOption *options=defaultCommandOptionList)"
.br
.RI "\fImakeCommandOptionParse will create an implementation of a \fBCommandOptionParse\fP object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "__EXPORT CommandOption * \fBost::defaultCommandOptionList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis defines a linked list head pointer for all the command line options that use the default list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Command line option parsing interface. 


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
