.TH "ost::HEXdump" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::HEXdump \- 
.PP
Produces a dump of a buffer in a hexdump way with its code Ascii translation and relative buffer address.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <applog.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHEXdump\fP (const unsigned char *buffer, int buff_len, int max_len=200)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBHEXdump\fP constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~HEXdump\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBHEXdump\fP destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBc_str\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIconst char* cast provided for conveneince. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBstr\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIstring cast provided for conveneince. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fB_str\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIoutput string \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &out, const \fBHEXdump\fP &hd)"
.br
.RI "\fIoperator << \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Produces a dump of a buffer in a hexdump way with its code Ascii translation and relative buffer address. 

For instance: 0000000 - 77 98 21 49 0e 00 05 00 40 1c 01 1c 2f 00 00 00 w.!I....@.../... 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::HEXdump::HEXdump (const unsigned char * buffer, int buff_len, int max_len = \fC200\fP)"
.PP
\fBHEXdump\fP constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuffer\fP buffer to be 'hexdumped' 
.br
\fIbuff_len\fP buffer length 
.br
\fImax_len\fP max number of bytes to be 'hexdumped'. Usefull to truncate output. mas_len=0 does prints all. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual ost::HEXdump::~HEXdump ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBHEXdump\fP destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char* ost::HEXdump::c_str () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
const char* cast provided for conveneince. 
.SS "std::string ost::HEXdump::str ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
string cast provided for conveneince. 
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream & out, const \fBHEXdump\fP & hd)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
operator << \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhd\fP hexdump. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
application logger stream 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string \fBost::HEXdump::_str\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
output string 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
