.TH "ost::Dir" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::Dir \- 
.PP
A low level portable directory class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <file.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::File\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDir\fP (const char *name=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBopen\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Dir\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBgetName\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBoperator++\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBoperator*\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBrewind\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisValid\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBcreate\fP (const char *path, \fBAttr\fP attr=attrGroup)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBremove\fP (const char *path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBsetPrefix\fP (const char *path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBgetPrefix\fP (char *path, size_t size=256)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A low level portable directory class. 

Used to support ccstd Directory container. This provides a basic mechanism for allocating and accessing file entries.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> low level directory access class. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::Dir::Dir (const char * name = \fCNULL\fP)"
.SS "virtual ost::Dir::~Dir ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ost::Dir::close (void)"
.SS "static bool ost::Dir::create (const char * path, \fBAttr\fP attr = \fCattrGroup\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.SS "const char* ost::Dir::getName (void)"
.SS "static bool ost::Dir::getPrefix (char * path, size_t size = \fC256\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.SS "bool ost::Dir::isValid (void)"
.SS "void ost::Dir::open (const char * name)"
.SS "bool ost::Dir::operator! ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "const char* ost::Dir::operator* ()"
.SS "const char* ost::Dir::operator++ (int)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "const char* ost::Dir::operator++ ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "static bool ost::Dir::remove (const char * path)\fC [static]\fP"
.SS "bool ost::Dir::rewind (void)"
.SS "static bool ost::Dir::setPrefix (const char * path)\fC [static]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
