.TH "ost::MIMEMultipart" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::MIMEMultipart \- 
.PP
A container class for multi-part MIME document objects which can be streamed to a std::ostream destination.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <mime.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBost::MIMEMultipartForm\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMIMEMultipart\fP (const char *document)"
.br
.RI "\fIContruct a multi-part document, and describe it's type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhead\fP (std::ostream *output)"
.br
.RI "\fIStream the headers of the multi-part document. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBbody\fP (std::ostream *output)"
.br
.RI "\fIStream the 'body' of the multi-part document. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBgetHeaders\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a string array of the headers to use. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~MIMEMultipart\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBboundry\fP [8]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBmtype\fP [80]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBheader\fP [16]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMIMEItemPart\fP * \fBfirst\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMIMEItemPart\fP * \fBlast\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMIMEItemPart\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A container class for multi-part MIME document objects which can be streamed to a std::ostream destination. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> container for streamable multi-part MIME documents. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual ost::MIMEMultipart::~MIMEMultipart ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.SS "ost::MIMEMultipart::MIMEMultipart (const char * document)"
.PP
Contruct a multi-part document, and describe it's type. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdocument\fP (content) type. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void ost::MIMEMultipart::body (std::ostream * output)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stream the 'body' of the multi-part document. This involves streaming the headers and body of each document part.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput\fP to stream document body into. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "char** ost::MIMEMultipart::getHeaders (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get a string array of the headers to use. This is used to assist \fBURLStream::post\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array of headers. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void ost::MIMEMultipart::head (std::ostream * output)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stream the headers of the multi-part document. The headers of individual entities are streamed as part of the body.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput\fP to stream document header into. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBMIMEItemPart\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBost::MIMEMultipart::boundry\fP[8]\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "\fBMIMEItemPart\fP* \fBost::MIMEMultipart::first\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "char* \fBost::MIMEMultipart::header\fP[16]\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "\fBMIMEItemPart\fP * \fBost::MIMEMultipart::last\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "char \fBost::MIMEMultipart::mtype\fP[80]\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
