.TH "ost::IPV6Multicast" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::IPV6Multicast \- 
.PP
A specialization of \fBIPV6Address\fP that provides address validation for multicast addresses.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <address.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::IPV6Address\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV6Multicast\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreate an Internet Multicast Address object with an empty (0.0.0.0) address. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV6Multicast\fP (const struct in6_addr address)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert the system internet address data type (struct in_addr) into a Common C++ \fBIPV4Multicast\fP object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPV6Multicast\fP (const char *address)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a null terminated ASCII multicast address string (example: '224.0.0.1') or multicast name string (example: 'sap.mcast.net') directly into a Common C++ \fBIPV6Multicast\fP object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A specialization of \fBIPV6Address\fP that provides address validation for multicast addresses. 

Whenever its value changes the new value is checked to be in the range from 224.0.0.1 through 239.255.255.255. If it is not, an exception is thrown.
.PP
A multicast network address. 
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino <p5087@quintero.fie.us.es> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::IPV6Multicast::IPV6Multicast ()"
.PP
Create an Internet Multicast Address object with an empty (0.0.0.0) address. 
.SS "ost::IPV6Multicast::IPV6Multicast (const struct in6_addr address)"
.PP
Convert the system internet address data type (struct in_addr) into a Common C++ \fBIPV4Multicast\fP object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddress\fP struct of system used binary internet address. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "ost::IPV6Multicast::IPV6Multicast (const char * address)"
.PP
Convert a null terminated ASCII multicast address string (example: '224.0.0.1') or multicast name string (example: 'sap.mcast.net') directly into a Common C++ \fBIPV6Multicast\fP object. Works like \fBIPV6Address\fP(const char*).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddress\fP null terminated C string. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
