.TH "ost::MemPagerObject" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::MemPagerObject \- 
.PP
This class is used to create derived classes which are constructed within a memory pager pool.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <misc.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBoperator new\fP (size_t size, \fBMemPager\fP &pager)"
.br
.RI "\fIAllocate memory from a memory pager. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBoperator new[]\fP (size_t size, \fBMemPager\fP &pager)"
.br
.RI "\fIAllocate array from a memory pager. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator delete\fP (void *)"
.br
.RI "\fIMempager delete does nothing; the pool purges. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator delete[]\fP (void *)"
.br
.RI "\fIArray mempager delete does nothing; the pool purges. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class is used to create derived classes which are constructed within a memory pager pool. 

create objects in a memory pager. 
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ost::MemPagerObject::operator delete (void *)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Mempager delete does nothing; the pool purges. 
.SS "void ost::MemPagerObject::operator delete[] (void *)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Array mempager delete does nothing; the pool purges. 
.SS "void* ost::MemPagerObject::operator new (size_t size, \fBMemPager\fP & pager)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Allocate memory from a memory pager. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsize\fP of new passed from operator. 
.br
\fIpager\fP to allocate from. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References ost::MemPager::alloc().
.SS "void* ost::MemPagerObject::operator new[] (size_t size, \fBMemPager\fP & pager)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Allocate array from a memory pager. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsize\fP of new passed from operator. 
.br
\fIpager\fP to allocate from. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References ost::MemPager::alloc().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
