.TH "ost::TypeManager" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::TypeManager \- 
.PP
This class manages the types for generation of the persistent objects.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <persist.h>\fP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRegistration\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis manages a registration to the typemanager - attempting to remove problems with the optimisers. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::map< \fBString\fP, \fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP > \fBStringFunctionMap\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBadd\fP (const char *name, \fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP construction)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis adds a new construction function to the type manager. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBremove\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnd this one removes a type from the managers lists. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBBaseObject\fP * \fBcreateInstanceOf\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function creates a new object of the required type and returns a pointer to it. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class manages the types for generation of the persistent objects. 

Its data structures are managed automatically by the system. They are implicitly filled by the constructors who declare classes to the system.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Daniel Silverstone Type manager for persistence engine. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef std::map<\fBString\fP,\fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP> \fBost::TypeManager::StringFunctionMap\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static void ost::TypeManager::add (const char * name, \fBNewBaseObjectFunction\fP construction)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
This adds a new construction function to the type manager. 
.SS "static \fBBaseObject\fP* ost::TypeManager::createInstanceOf (const char * name)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
This function creates a new object of the required type and returns a pointer to it. NULL is returned if we couldn't find the type 
.SS "static void ost::TypeManager::remove (const char * name)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
And this one removes a type from the managers lists. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
