.TH "ost::MIMEItemPart" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::MIMEItemPart \- 
.PP
This is used to attach an item part to a MIME multipart document that is being streamed.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <mime.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBost::MIMEFormData\fP.
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhead\fP (std::ostream *output)"
.br
.RI "\fIStream the header(s) for the current document part. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBbody\fP (std::ostream *output)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIStream the content of this document part. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMIMEItemPart\fP (\fBMIMEMultipart\fP *top, const char *ct)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct and attach a document part to a multipart document. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~MIMEItemPart\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMIMEMultipart\fP * \fBbase\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMIMEItemPart\fP * \fBnext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBctype\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMIMEMultipart\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This is used to attach an item part to a MIME multipart document that is being streamed. 

The base item part class is used by all derived items.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> item or part of a multi-part object. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::MIMEItemPart::MIMEItemPart (\fBMIMEMultipart\fP * top, const char * ct)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Construct and attach a document part to a multipart document. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItop\fP multipart document to attach to. 
.br
\fIct\fP Content-Type to use. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual ost::MIMEItemPart::~MIMEItemPart ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void ost::MIMEItemPart::body (std::ostream * output)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stream the content of this document part. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput\fP to stream document body into. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBost::MIMEFormData\fP.
.SS "virtual void ost::MIMEItemPart::head (std::ostream * output)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stream the header(s) for the current document part. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput\fP to stream header into. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBost::MIMEFormData\fP.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBMIMEMultipart\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMIMEMultipart\fP* \fBost::MIMEItemPart::base\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "const char* \fBost::MIMEItemPart::ctype\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "\fBMIMEItemPart\fP* \fBost::MIMEItemPart::next\fP\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
