.TH "ost::UDPBroadcast" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ost::UDPBroadcast \- 
.PP
Representing a UDP socket used for subnet broadcasts, this class provides an alternate binding and setPeer() capability for UDP sockets.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <socket.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBost::UDPSocket\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUDPBroadcast\fP (const \fBIPV4Address\fP &ia, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate and bind a subnet broadcast socket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPeer\fP (const \fBIPV4Broadcast\fP &subnet, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.br
.RI "\fISet peer by subnet rather than specific host. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Representing a UDP socket used for subnet broadcasts, this class provides an alternate binding and setPeer() capability for UDP sockets. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> Unreliable Datagram for subnet broadcasts. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ost::UDPBroadcast::UDPBroadcast (const \fBIPV4Address\fP & ia, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Create and bind a subnet broadcast socket. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIia\fP address to bind socket under locally. 
.br
\fIport\fP to bind socket under locally. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ost::UDPBroadcast::setPeer (const \fBIPV4Broadcast\fP & subnet, \fBtpport_t\fP port)"
.PP
Set peer by subnet rather than specific host. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsubnet\fP of peer hosts to send to. 
.br
\fIport\fP number to use. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
