.TH "serial.h" 3 "2 May 2010" "GNU CommonC++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
serial.h \- 
.PP
Serial I/O services.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/missing.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cc++/thread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cc++/exception.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::Serial\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBSerial\fP class is used as the base for all serial I/O services under APE. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::TTYStream\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITTY streams are used to represent serial connections that are fully 'streamable' objects using C++ stream classes and friends. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::ttystream\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA more natural C++ 'ttystream' class for use by non-threaded applications. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::TTYSession\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBTTYSession\fP aggragates a \fBTTYStream\fP and a Common C++ \fBThread\fP which is assumed to be the execution context that will be used to perform actual I/O operations. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::SerialPort\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe serial port is an internal class which is attached to and then serviced by a specified \fBSerialService\fP thread. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::SerialService\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBSerialService\fP is a thead service object that is meant to service attached serial ports. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBost::SerException\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBost\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBINVALID_HANDLE_VALUE\fP   (-1)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int \fBHANDLE\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Serial I/O services. 


.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define INVALID_HANDLE_VALUE   (-1)"
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef int \fBHANDLE\fP"
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for GNU CommonC++ from the source code.
